Apollo 5 "Apotheosis" application

Please follow the steps below to get the best experience out of our website.

1) Always have your browser window in the maximum resolution for the best experience.

When on the website login page, click "Connect With Spotify". You can use your
own account or please use the provided community login.

Username(email): cse321spotify@gmail.com password: cse321spotify()

PLEASE DO NOT BE MEAN AND CHANGE THE PASSWORD.

If you chose to use your own login, you will be required to accept the scopes
we are asking to view (these are just your listening history habits). Once
you accept, you will be sent to the home page where you will be prompted with
details about yourself and tracks you've listened to.

--------
| HOME |
--------
Here you can view your latest saved tracks. All cover art items are clickable
and will redirect you to the track on Spotify. The radar cart is interactive
meaning you can hover your mouse or click a dot and see what each parameter
indicates. The Last 5 tracks listened to portion is clickable and will do the
same operation as the cover arts.

At any time, you may click on the top left corner on our logo to be redirected
to the home page. If you want to navigate to new pages, click the three
horizontal lines to chose where to go to next. The person icon is for future
implementations.

-------------
| Visualize |
-------------
Visualize is where the user can see even more detailed information about
their listening habbits. Here you can see your all time favorite track
audio features, your favorite genres and your top 50 tracks moods. All graphs
are have tooltips which means it will show you what each graphical parameter
means. Note: Style and Beat and Frequency of listening are not updated but
show what it will look like.

------------
| Settings |
------------
The 'Settings' page functions as the user input component of the MVC architecture.
Selecting any of the genres or tags will highlight the applicable buttons,
and indicate what has been selected on the side. By clicking Save Settings, the
settings will be sent to the servlet controller, and stored into the database.
When user logs back in, the settings are retained by the session, and if not,
the database is polled for any relevant data and the settings session is
updated accordingly. The settings will be used to pull and generate playlists
from Spotify on the 'Playlist' page that will match the desired tags/genres.

-------------
| Playlists |
-------------
Playlists is where the user can see the playlist they have saved. Again the
playlists are links and will redirect the user to the playlist. Suggested Playlists
by Spotify, Suggested Playlists by Apotheosis, Artist you may like and
Explore Popular Music in your Region are not updated yet but will be.

Website Link: https://weave.cs.nmt.edu/apollo5/final/index.html
